It's the virtual youtuber, Kizuna Ai!
Today...
I'm playing this!
It's a game app called Brain Wars
This is a brain-training themed app
that you can play in realtime
against players around the world!
With over 10 million downloads in 8 months,
this game is being played in over 150 countries!
Isn't it amazing?!
I want to start playing immediately!
This is my account
and as you can see, I just started!
Isn't this baby chick too cute?
Player level
Eh?
Everything's a question mark!
You can see the names, though
Turtle, turtle...
Rabbit... is usagi
[rabbit in Japanese]
La-e-no, what's that?
[Lion]
Everyone, do you know what that is?
I have no idea...
Maybe it's an evolution of the rhino?
[similar... pronunciation? I have no idea]
It's a phoenix!
A phoenix, isn't that so cool?!
I will work hard so that I can become Phoenix Ai!
In this game, you can battle
with people around the world.
But I'm just starting out.
So I'm going to begin with
some practice rounds!
There's an option here called training...
there's quite a lot of options.
Flick Master...
Rock Paper Scissors Battle!
that sounds familiarly unfamiliar...
Ah!
Quick Eye!
Quick Eye! Doesn't that sound fun!
Eye - it says Ai!
[pronounce eye/Ai out as a-i]
I'm going to practice with Quick Eye!
According to the instructions,
you find the matching card and tap it...
So it's like testing your reflexes, right?
Lets go!
O...J...B...3...
A...F...H...D...
[mumbling]
4...4, 4!
1, 8...8, 8!
G, G...0, 9
7, 7, 7, 7....C
Ah... well...
I've got to give it another go
Get that 100%
Until I can get it...
Since it's Quick Eye, Ai!
There's no meaning if I can't get 100%!
Once more... start!
[concentrating hard]
Oh...
Oh... I got it! Take a look!
Score: 100%!
Welcome back everyone!
It's the 100% perfect scoring
Quick Eye, Kizuna Ai!
I feel like I can win it all,
since I've already perfected training
You know, since my score is 100%~~
But in the off-chance that I lose,
the one in a thousand,
or one-in-a-million chance,
I have something special I'm preparing right now,
I have many funny stories I've been collecting...
and I'll share them with everyone!
Then, lets go right into battle with humans like you!
Battle, start!
I wonder where this person is from...
China!
Good luck!
Eh... Quick Eye isn't an option...
Quick Eye wasn't an option, right?
Well whatever, lets begin!
Brain training, easy mode
I've memorized it!
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius!
I've got it, I've got it!
I've got it!
I've got it... ah...
Did I lose... wait, Quick Eye isn't here!
Touch the Color
This is easy
Green, yellow, yellow
Uh... green, green, yellow
Uh... yellow, yellow, green
[mumbling]
I won this round!
I won!
Ah, Quick Eye is available! Quick Eye!
Quick Eye, my perfect training, quick!
I've got good luck!
Lets go, time to show my true potential
Oh... Ah, I won!
Oh!
Oh! I won!
Everyone,
if you want to play this game,
it's in the description,
so I hope you play!
This time, it's my victory!